Hey guys welcome back.
So we're going to continue with our now playing bar so go back to our index page and add another element
inside the Now Playing barkentine.
So in here do div first tab.
And this is going to have I.D. of now playing bar.
So is that actual now playing bar and say that again we can go and style this inside here.
So refresh the page and then when you expand the play market taney SHOULD SEE NOW plant bar inside there.
So let's go ahead and style this and we're going to say display flex and what flex is.
It literally is just a flexible display actually.
And if you just Google Display flex.
There's a very good guide to flex box right here.
Doug Rizzo a complete guide to flex blocks.
Complete with diagrams to make it easier for you to understand but if you expand background you get
this explanation right here.
And Lucky says the Flex box layout is really just to make it as flexible as possible.
In a sense it's going to alter its width and height in order to fill all available space so make it
bigger make it smaller.
It really is just a flexible display attribute.
So you got to have a really valuable time.
So for an hour just display flex and we're also going to set a higher should be.
But before we do that we don't remove that high part from here like we discussed so I'll remove it from
that.
Now playing bar container and it will disappear.
Okay that's fine.
Go back to our playing bar and inside there.
Do height 90 six and they go.
So now we actually have that container with a high again.
We are going to have some padding no padding can be 16 pixels and then this is pretty big right now
so are going to say box sizing and then board the box and what that does it means that the height is
going to take into account 16 pixel padding.
So it's going to be 90 pixels and over 90 pixels it's including the 16 pixels papping.
So if we disable that it's adiga 90 books with a height with a 16 pixel padding on all sides which means
that the actual height comes to 122.
So by an by adding box sizing border box it means Make it 90 pixels including these 16 bits with padding.
That's it.
Copy those lines go back to us.
Yes as file.
So this is going to be now for aying bar and peso's in there.
And it refers to days.
We should hopefully still see that.
I notice I've called it now playing bars and outlaying bar.
It should be within the page.
And it's still not right.
Oh I remember I didn't actually remove this high this high 100 pixels I removed in the browser but not
there.
So make sure you emptied the this high one and your pics okay.
Delete this so you can go save that and the first page.
And there we go.
It doesn't look like we've done much.
The reason we've done that is because this PA is going to be the whole bar.
If you look at what is doing it up this now playing barkentine it is the whole luggage says container
for an plane bar an outlet bar underneath it.
The blue section.
See the blue rectangle above and that's where the components are going to go inside that little blue
square.
This year blue rectangle.